
String Program and their description

1) How to find the maximum occurring character in a given String?
// program to return the maximum occurring character in the input string,
e.g., if the input string is "Java" then the function should return 'a'.

2)  How to remove all duplicates from a given string?
    Write a program to remove all the duplicate characters from a given input String, like,
    if the given String is "Java" then the output should be "Java". The second or further occurrence
    of duplicates should be removed.


3)  How to print the duplicate characters from the given String? (solution)
    program to return the duplicate characters from given String, for example,
    if given String is "C++" then your program should print "+" Similarly,
    if the input is "Java and JavaScript" then your program should print "J", "a" and "v".
    You can ignore the case for finding duplicates.

    If you notice there is a pattern to solve these duplicate characters problem.
    For example, you can use a data structure like HashSet or HashMap to store characters and
    their count to find out which is duplicate and how many times they are appearing.
    Knowing these coding tips and patterns really help during coding interviews.

4) How to remove characters from the first String which are present in the second String? (solution)
   function that takes two strings as arguments and removes the characters from the first string,
   which are present in the second string. For example, if the first String "India is great" and
   the second String is "in" then the output should be "da s great

5) How to check if two strings are rotations of each other? (solution)
    Write an efficient program to test if two given String is a rotation of each other or not,
    e.g. if the given String is "XYZ" and "ZXY" then your function should return true,
    but if the input is "XYZ" and "YXZ" then return false.

6) How to reverse a given String? (solution)
    Write a program to reverse a String in C/Java/Python or choice of your programming language.
    You can write either the recursive or iterative solution. For example,
    if a given input is "abcd," then your function should return "dcba".

7) How to reverse String without recursion? (solution)
    Same as the previous program, but you cannot use recursion, this time,
    you must solve this problem in C/Java/Python using iteration or loops.
     If you are not familiar with recursion and repetition

8) How to print all permutation of a String? (solution)
    Write an efficient program to print all permutations of a given String in Java/C/Python or
    any programming language of your choice. For example, if given input is "123" then your program
    should print all 6 permutations e.g. "123", "132", "213", "231", "312" and "321"

9) How to find the first non-repeating character in a given String? (solution)
   Write a program in any programming language you to find the first non-repeated character in a given String,
   for example, if the given String is "Java" then the first non-repeated character is "J"

10) How to reverse the words in a given String sentence? (solution)
    Write an efficient program in Java or C++ to reverse the words in a given String sentence.
    For example, if the input is "Java is best," then your program should print "best is Java".
    There is no restriction on preserving white space.

11) How to find the smallest substring in a given string containing all characters of another string? (solution)
    print the smallest substring in a given string containing all characters of another String.
    For example, if the given String is "this is a test string" and "tist", then the output should be "t stri".

12) How to check if two given String is the anagram of each other? (solution)
    Write an efficient program in Java/C/C++ to check if two String is an anagram of each other.
    An anagram contains are of the same length and contains the same character, but in a different order,
    for example, "Army" and "Mary" is the anagram. Your program should return true if both Strings are the
    anagram, false otherwise

13) How do you check if a given String is Palindrome or not? (solution)
    Given a string is a palindrome, considering only alphanumeric characters and ignoring cases.
    For example,"121" is a palindrome, but "123" is not. Your function should return true if given
    String is a palindrome, false otherwise

14) How do you convert String to an integer?  (solution)
    Implement atoi() like function in C/C++/Java to convert a string to an integer.
    Consider all possible cases e.g. positive and negative String, the presence of + or - character, etc.
    For example, if the given input String is "123" then your program should return 123 and if a given
    input is "+231" then your program should return 231.

15) How do you convert a Roman numeral String to Integer in Java? (solution)
    Write a function in your favorite programming language to convert a given Roman numeral to equivalent String.
    For example, if the given String is "X" then your program should print 10.
    Input will be within the range from 1 to 2000. You can also ignore case, like both "x" and "X" should return 10

16) How do you remove a given character from String? (solution)
    Write an efficient method in Java to remove all occurrences of a given character in Java.
    For example, if the given String is "Programming" and the given character to remove is "m" then your
    function should return "Prograing".

17) How do you count the number of words in String? (solution)
    Write a program to count a number of words in a given String.
    The words are separated by the following characters: space (‘ ‘) or newline (‘\n’) or
    tab (‘\t’) or a combination of these. For example, if input "Java is great" your program should print 3.

18) How do you check if a given string contains valid parentheses? (solution)
    Given a string containing just the characters '(', ')', '{', '}', '[' and ']',
    write a function in Java or C++ to check if the input string is valid.
    The brackets must close in the correct order, "()" and "()[]{}" are all valid but "(]" and "([)]" are not

19) How do you find the longest palindromic substring of a given substring? (solution)
    Given a string S, find the longest palindromic substring in S.
    You may assume that the maximum length of S is 1000, and there exists one unique longest palindromic substring.

20) How to convert Integer to Roman String? (solution)
    This is the reverse of problem 17, In this problem,
    you need to write a function in Java/C or C++ to convert a given integer into an equivalent Roman numeral.
    For example, if a given integer is 5, then your program should print "V".









